another night of intense Israeli bombing
across
Gaza and another desperate Scramble for
survivors in RAF a residential building
was
hit rescue workers and relatives search
for those missing and make a
discovery for father's tragedy this
father is crying over the loss of his
children buried under the
rubble I want to see any member of my
family oh my God this is not fair this
is unfair don't ask me to calm down my
children have gone all together none of
my children are alive I didn't see
Yousef where is Yousef where is
he
hospitals in Gaza are overwhelmed by an
endless supply of casualties and the
healthc care system is a close to
[Music]
collapse a lack of fuel and medical
supplies is costing
lives another father Sayes a l farewell
to his children
alone
[Music]
I'm Israeli tanks and military vehicles
are continuing to push
South displaced Palestinians are told to
move to areas that Israel has designated
safe zones like this one in KH unun but
they have all been repeatedly
attacked all of a sudden we found tongs
on our heads and the shells hit my room
it was Beyond imagination they are
coming here to do nothing but killing
they killed everyone women children old
people Everyone people are killed
without knowing the reason we have lost
our minds Israel is not de escalating
they are always
escalating as this place Palestinians
continue to flee to Southern Gaza they
are crowding into ever smaller spaces
but these are also coming under
continuous bombardment by Israel
claiming even more lives Han Mahmud Al
jaaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer